# API Docs

## Posts API Documentation

#### **GET /post/**  
Fetch all posts by a specific sender.  
**Query Params:**  
- `sender_id` (required) — The ID of the sender.  
**Description:** Returns all posts created by the given sender.

---

#### **GET /post/all**  
Fetch all posts in the database.  
**Description:** Returns a list of all posts.

---

#### **GET /post/:id**  
Fetch a post by its unique ID.  
**Params:**  
- `id` — The post ID.  
**Description:** Returns the post with the specified ID, or 404 if not found.

---

#### **POST /post/**  
Create a new post.  
**Body:**  
- `senderId` (required)  
- `receiverId` (optional)  
- `title` (required)  
- `content` (required)  
**Description:** Creates and stores a new post and returns the saved record.

---

#### **PUT /post/:id**  
Update an existing post.  
**Params:**  
- `id` — The post ID.  
**Body:** Any of:  
- `senderId`  
- `receiverId`  
- `title`  
- `content`  
**Description:** Updates the specified post. Returns 404 if the post doesn’t exist.

---

## Comments API Documentation

#### **GET /comments/**  
Fetch all comments.  
**Description:** Returns all comments stored in the database.

---

#### **GET /comments/post/:postId**  
Fetch all comments for a specific post.  
**Params:**  
- `postId` — The ID of the post.  
**Description:** Returns all comments associated with the specified post.

---

#### **POST /comments/**  
Create a new comment.  
**Body:**  
- `postId` (required) — The ID of the post this comment belongs to.  
- `sender` (required) — The author or sender of the comment.  
- `text` (required) — The content of the comment.  
**Description:** Creates and stores a new comment and returns the saved record.

---

#### **PUT /comments/:id**  
Update an existing comment.  
**Params:**  
- `id` — The comment ID.  
**Body:** Any of:  
- `postId`  
- `sender`  
- `text`  
**Description:** Updates the specified comment. Returns 404 if the comment doesn’t exist.

---

#### **DELETE /comments/:id**  
Delete a comment by its ID.  
**Params:**  
- `id` — The comment ID.  
**Description:** Deletes the specified comment. Returns 404 if the comment doesn’t exist.
